This story is a pretty battle story and a start!
Yellow means black,
I'm a scary old lady.
Honey.
I'm sleeping here.
Don't pull the trigger, does it hurt?
I've alwaysepsighohim trekryourselfesais something
Gorkok absolutelyis dialogue phat
Where's the old gensihute?
Hey stop and wake×ere
Stop sleeping join
I'm not sleeping you're Joker
Then why I a he shedding text?
people the rank of Joker
You'll be a ghost if you don't sleep.
I've never been to the shrine.
I sleep until 2 or 3.
Then you'll be a ghost.
What?
You're an adult.
You can't be a ghost.
You don't know that.
You can't be a ghost when you're a child.
There's no such thing as ghosts.
Please, boss.
What?
You're talking nonsense.
I'll tell you something interesting.
There's nothing to say.
Why?
I'm talking about the story of the ghost.
You can't tell both stories.
Don't talk nonsense.
I'll tell you.
I've been to a place.
I'll ask you.
What?
I've been to a place.
I'll tell you.
I don't know.
I've been to a place.
I'll tell you.
I met my grandfather and grandmother.
I'll ask you.
I'll ask you again.
I can't talk.
What's your grandfather's story?
What are you talking about?
I'll tell you.
I met my grandfather and grandmother.
I've been to a place.
I'm talking nonsense.
Everybody went there.
There is no ghost at all.
How is it that you are afraid?
I'm sorry.
I'm not afraid of ghosts.
You're talking nonsense.
I'm talking nonsense.
I've been to a place.
I'll tell you.
I'm talking nonsense.
I'm sorry. I was too blind.
Dad, Momotaro is a good man.
He'll cry in the basement if he hears such a stupid thing.
Why?
He'll cry in that house.
I don't care.
I'll talk to him.
Dad, you're a bad boy.